It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands. It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak. When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language. Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it. People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink". He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family. The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby. The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world. He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears. It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking. He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others. Instead of a bachelorette party You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind. I’m a living furnace.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door. I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport. It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail. He was all business when he wore his clown suit. We have a lot of rain in June. The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out. He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started. When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed. She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms. Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin. She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy. There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
A glittering gem is not enough. It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball. When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed. There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose. The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family. The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog. Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him. She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses. The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit. He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium. He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny. She looked into the mirror and saw another person. The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.